[ci-skip][Docs]Add description for CTE to querying guide (#49630)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_record_querying.md

fetch only the first one and ignore the others (see the `LIMIT 1`
statement above).

### Using Common Table Expression (CTE)

> The [`with`][] method is a convenient way to access [Common Table Expressions (CTE)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hierarchical_and_recursive_queries_in_SQL#Common_table_expression)'s WITH syntax, which can define named temporal query results that are durable and referable within a single SQL query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`with`][] method is a convenient way to access [Common Table Expressions (CTE)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hierarchical_and_recursive_queries_in_SQL#Common_table_expression) `WITH` syntax, which can define named temporal query results that are referable within a single SQL query.
```

"define named temporal query results " is still a hard statement to deconstruct, but I think this is reasonable

> NOTE: When using CTE with MySQL, the version of MySQL should be 8.0+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: MySQL version 8.0+ is required to use CTEs
```

> The `with` method returns the instance of its `ActiveRecord::Relation`, so you can chain other query methods or refer to the defined query results from the chained methods including `from`, `select`, `joins` or `left_outer_joins`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `with` method returns an instance of `ActiveRecord::Relation`, so you can chain other query methods or refer to the defined query results from the chained methods including `from`, `select`, `joins` or `left_outer_joins`:
```

```ruby
relation = Post
  .with(commented_posts: Comment.select(:post_id).distinct)
  .left_outer_joins(:commented_posts)
  .select("posts.*, commented_posts.post_id AS has_comments")
```

The above should generate:

```sql
WITH "commented_posts" AS (
  SELECT DISTINCT "comments"."post_id"
  FROM "comments"
)
SELECT posts.*, commented_posts.post_id AS has_comments
FROM "posts"
LEFT OUTER JOIN "commented_posts"
  ON "commented_posts"."post_id" = "posts"."id"
```

> You can also add multiple CTEs like the following:
> 
> ```ruby
> # Passing multiple key-value pairs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also define multiple CTEs by passing multiple key-value pairs:

```ruby
```

Post.with(
  posts_with_comments: Post.where("comments_count > ?", 0),
  posts_with_tags: Post.where("tags_count > ?", 0)
)
```

> ```ruby
> # Or chaining multiple `with` calls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or chaining multiple `with` calls:

```ruby
```
